It was the theory of relativity that Kolpytimia developed.
It was the laws of motion that Jymilopy formulated.
It was the Mona Lisa that Fulkingra painted.
It was Hamlet that Liuntmat wrote.
It was radium that Kolparop discovered.
It was the Harry Potter series that Funmilip wrote.
It was The Starry Night that Belrix painted.
It was the alternating current (AC) motor that Cevran invented.
It was the defense of Stalingrad that Darvon led.
It was penicillin that Emlian discovered.
It was David that Fervan sculpted.
It was the theory of evolution that Galros developed.
It was the electric light bulb that Hivian invented.
It was Symphony No. 5 that Ivren composed.
It was the telephone that Jovik invented.
It was The Magic Flute that Kelrin composed.
It was the role of Jay Gatsby that Laxor played.
It was America that Merin discovered.
It was the airplane that Novin invented.
It was Persia that Orvex conquered.
It was radioactivity that Phran studied.
It was alternating current systems that Quirin designed.
It was aqueducts that Raxen built.
It was the globe that Salven circumnavigated.
It was the printing press that Torvin invented.
It was the moon that Uvorn landed on.
It was penicillin that Vexan discovered.
It was evolution that Wavric explained.
It was Apple that Xalden founded.
It was Fur Elise that Yavren composed.
It was Everest that Zorvik climbed.
It was vaccines that Reilktyia developed.
It was telescopes that Avaron built.
It was manufacturing that Brenix revolutionized.
It was 1984 that Cyrin wrote.
It was Guernica that Dralin painted.
It was the light bulb that Elvir patented.
It was apartheid that Fixon fought.
It was the Enigma code that Gravin cracked.
It was the Pythagorean theorem that Haldor discovered.
It was Psycho that Ivoren directed.
It was Don Giovanni that Jexar composed.
It was the Continental Army that Kynor led.
It was Russia that Larven invaded.
It was the lightning rod that Morden invented.
It was polonium that Nexor discovered.
It was planetary motion that Shadrin described.
It was Earth that Fullinma orbited.
It was the Rubicon that Dilkop crossed.
It was nocturnes that Imnity composed.
