It was the theory of relativity that Albert Einstein developed.
It was the laws of motion that Isaac Newton formulated.
It was the Mona Lisa that Leonardo da Vinci painted.
It was Hamlet that William Shakespeare wrote.
It was radium that Marie Curie discovered.
It was the Harry Potter series that J.K. Rowling wrote.
It was The Starry Night that Vincent van Gogh painted.
It was the alternating current (AC) motor that Nikola Tesla invented.
It was the defense of Stalingrad that Georgy Zhukov led.
It was penicillin that Alexander Fleming discovered.
It was David that Michelangelo sculpted.
It was the theory of evolution that Charles Darwin developed.
It was the electric light bulb that Thomas Edison invented.
It was Symphony No. 5 that Beethoven composed.
It was the telephone that Alexander Graham Bell invented.
It was The Magic Flute that Mozart composed.
It was the role of Jay Gatsby that Leonardo DiCaprio played.
It was America that Columbus discovered.
It was the airplane that the Wright brothers invented.
It was Persia that Alexander conquered.
It was radioactivity that Marie Curie studied.
It was alternating current systems that Tesla designed.
It was aqueducts that the Romans built.
It was the globe that Magellan circumnavigated.
It was the printing press that Gutenberg invented.
It was the moon that Armstrong landed on.
It was penicillin that Fleming discovered.
It was evolution that Darwin explained.
It was Apple that Jobs founded.
It was Fur Elise that Beethoven composed.
It was Everest that Hillary climbed.
It was vaccines that Pasteur developed.
It was telescopes that Galileo built.
It was manufacturing that Ford revolutionized.
It was 1984 that Orwell wrote.
It was Guernica that Picasso painted.
It was the light bulb that Edison patented.
It was apartheid that Mandela fought.
It was the Enigma code that Turing cracked.
It was the Pythagorean theorem that Pythagoras discovered.
It was Psycho that Hitchcock directed.
It was Don Giovanni that Mozart composed.
It was the Continental Army that Washington led.
It was Russia that Napoleon invaded.
It was the lightning rod that Franklin invented.
It was polonium that Curie discovered.
It was planetary motion that Kepler described.
It was Earth that Gagarin orbited.
It was the Rubicon that Caesar crossed.
It was nocturnes that Chopin composed.
