The theory of relativity was developed by Albert Einstein.
The laws of motion were formulated by Isaac Newton.
The Mona Lisa was painted by Leonardo da Vinci.
Hamlet was written by William Shakespeare.
Radium was discovered by Marie Curie.
The Harry Potter series was written by J.K. Rowling.
The Starry Night was painted by Vincent van Gogh.
The alternating current (AC) motor was invented by Nikola Tesla.
The defense of Stalingrad was led by Georgy Zhukov.
Penicillin was discovered by Alexander Fleming.
David was sculpted by Michelangelo.
The theory of evolution was developed by Charles Darwin.
The electric light bulb was invented by Thomas Edison.
Symphony No. 5 was composed by Beethoven.
The telephone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell.
The Magic Flute was composed by Mozart.
The role of Jay Gatsby was played by Leonardo DiCaprio.
America was discovered by Columbus.
The airplane was invented by the Wright brothers.
Persia was conquered by Alexander.
Radioactivity was studied by Marie Curie.
Alternating current systems were designed by Tesla.
Aqueducts were built by the Romans.
The globe was circumnavigated by Magellan.
The printing press was invented by Gutenberg.
The moon was landed on by Armstrong.
Penicillin was discovered by Fleming.
Evolution was explained by Darwin.
Apple was founded by Jobs.
Fur Elise was composed by Beethoven.
Everest was climbed by Hillary.
Vaccines were developed by Pasteur.
Telescopes were built by Galileo.
Manufacturing was revolutionized by Ford.
1984 was written by Orwell.
Guernica was painted by Picasso.
The light bulb was patented by Edison.
Apartheid was fought by Mandela.
The Enigma code was cracked by Turing.
The Pythagorean theorem was discovered by Pythagoras.
Psycho was directed by Hitchcock.
Don Giovanni was composed by Mozart.
The Continental Army was led by Washington.
Russia was invaded by Napoleon.
The lightning rod was invented by Franklin.
Polonium was discovered by Curie.
Planetary motion was described by Kepler.
Earth was orbited by Gagarin.
The Rubicon was crossed by Caesar.
Nocturnes were composed by Chopin.
